As a Caregiver
I want a version of the GPS Screen that can support the 7020 Mobile Method
So I can select the Service Location for the visit

Details:

See Miro: CF136-CF138

Implement the UX in the GPS Location screen based on the configuration delivered by 

Only applies to non-skilled visits

If the Allow Caregiver to select the visit as a Non Member Home Visit (Boolean) is set then present a drop-down experience per Miro with the options provided by the API.  Only the options checked at the office level should be presented.

Member Home 
Family Home 
Neighbor’s Home 
Community
Other

Note that “Family Home”, “Neighbor's Home”, “Community” and “Other” are all considered “Non Member Home” type service delivery locations.

If the Caregiver is within the GeoFence (large blue circle) then the Service Delivery Location  should be auto-selected to the Member Home (read-only) which is the default option.

If the Caregiver is outside the GeoFence (large blue circle) then the Service Delivery Location should be selectable meaning I can now change the selection to any of the preconfigured locations.  

Only the Caregiver can change the Service Delivery Location selection when not read-only - selectable.

If the selection is not the Member’s Home remove the distance from patient guidance, the geofence blue circle and patient PIN.

All Service Delivery Locations selections other than the Members Home should be treated the same way as if a Community Visit is selected.  If a secondary address is selected the tolerance test will apply if the selection remains the Members Home.

The same experience should be presented for both Clock In and Clock Out.

A/C:

Given I am a Caregiver
When I Clock In or Clock Out
And I select the GPS EVV method
Then I should be presented with a modified GPS map screen
And the standard Community Visit switch should be hidden

Given I am a Caregiver
When I am presented with a modified GPS map screen
And I am inside the Geofence
Then the “Member Home” option should be selected for the Service Delivery Location Read-Only

Given I am a Caregiver
When I am presented with a modified GPS map screen
And I am outside the Geofence
And the selection is “Member Home”
Then the Blue Circle around the Patient’s Home address (Geofence) should be presented with distance
And I should be able to change the Service Delivery Location to any other option

Given I am a Caregiver
When I am presented with a modified GPS map screen
And I change the Service Delivery Location to any option that is not “Member Home”
Then the Blue Circle around the Patient’s Home address (Geofence), PIN and distance should be hidden

Given I am a Caregiver
When my agency has the legacy web app
Then the configuration will be limited to Home and Community (if checked in Office Settings)
